User registration and use of APP privacy agreement

Please remind you (user) to read this User Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Agreement”) carefully before registering as a user to ensure that you fully understand the terms of this Agreement. Please read carefully and choose to accept or not accept this agreement. Your registration, login, use, etc. will be deemed acceptance of this Agreement and you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. This Agreement stipulates the rights and obligations of the i browser (hereinafter referred to as "i browser") and the user regarding the "i browser" software service (hereinafter referred to as "service"). “User” means an individual who registers, logs in, or uses the Service. This agreement can be updated by i browser at any time. Once the updated agreement terms are announced, it will replace the original agreement terms without further notice. Users can check the latest version of the agreement terms in this app. After modifying the terms of the agreement, if the user does not accept the revised terms, please stop using the services provided by i browser immediately, and the user will continue to use the service as a modified agreement.

First, account registration
1. Users need to register an “i browser” account before using this service. The "i-browser" account should be registered with the mobile phone number binding. Please use the mobile phone number that has not been bound to the "i-browser" account, and the mobile phone number that is not blocked by the service to register the "i-browser" account. The service can change the way the account is registered and bound according to the user's needs or product needs without prior notice to the user.
2. The "i browser" is based on the "iHTCboy" APP product. Users should authorize the i browser and use their personal information to successfully register the "i browser" account when registering. Therefore, when the user completes the registration, the user agrees to the service to extract, disclose and use the user's information.
3. In view of the binding registration method of the “i browser” account, you agree that the service will allow your mobile phone number and mobile phone device identification code to be used for registration when registering.
4. When the user registers and uses the service, the i browser needs to collect personal information that can identify the user so that the service can contact the user when necessary or provide a better user experience. The information collected by the i browser includes but is not limited to the user's name and address; i browser agrees that the use of such information will be subject to the protection of the third user's personal privacy information.

Second, the user's personal privacy information protection
1. If the i browser discovers or receives reports from others or complains that the user violates the provisions of this agreement, i browser has the right to review and delete related content, including but not limited to user data and posting records, without notice. According to the seriousness of the case, the offending account shall be punished with warnings including, but not limited to, warning, account ban, device ban, and function ban, and notify the user to process the result.
2. Users who have been banned due to violation of the user agreement can contact the i browser. Among them, the user who is blocked by the function will automatically resume the banned function after the expiration of the ban period. The banned user can submit an appeal, and the i browser will review the grievance and make a reasonable judgment on whether to decide whether to change the penalty.
3. The user understands and agrees that i Browser has the right to impose penalties on violations of relevant laws and regulations or the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with reasonable judgment, take appropriate legal action against any user who violates the law, and keep relevant information in accordance with laws and regulations. For departmental reports, etc., the user shall bear all legal liabilities arising therefrom.
4. The User understands and agrees that any claims, claims or losses claimed by any third party arising from or arising out of the User's breach of this Agreement, including reasonable attorneys' fees, shall be compensated by the User for the browser and the Company and the Company. Protect it from damage.

Third, the user publishes content specifications
1. The content referred to in this article refers to any content created, uploaded, copied, published, and disseminated during the process of using the service, including but not limited to registration information and authentication materials such as account avatar, name, user description, or text or voice. , pictures, videos, graphics, etc. Send, reply or auto-reply messages and related link pages, as well as other content generated using the account or the service.
2. Users may not use the “i-browser” account or the service to create, upload, copy, publish or disseminate content prohibited by the following laws, regulations and policies:
(1) against the basic principles established by the Constitution;
(2) Endangering national security, revealing state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity;
(3) Damage to national honours and interests;
(4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining national unity;
(5) Destroying the national religious policy and promoting cults and feudal superstitions;
(6) Spreading rumors, disrupting social order and undermining social stability;
(7) spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or abetment;
(8) insulting or slandering others and infringing upon the lawful rights and interests of others;
(9) Information containing other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
3. Users may not use the “i-browser” account or the service to create, upload, copy, publish, and disseminate the following content that interferes with the normal operation of the “service” and infringes the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties:
(1) contains any sexual or sexual cues;
(2) Containing content that is insulting, intimidating, or threatening;
(3) Containing harassment, junk advertisements, malicious information, and scam information;
(4) involving the privacy, personal information or information of others;
(5) Infringement of the legal rights of other people's reputation rights, portrait rights, intellectual property rights, trade secrets, etc.;
(6) Contains other information that interferes with the normal operation of the Service and infringes the content of the legitimate rights of other users or third parties.

Fourth, the use of rules
1. Any content transmitted or distributed by the User in or through the Service is not reflected or represented, nor is it deemed to reflect or represent the views, positions or policies of the i Browser. i Browser does not assume any responsibility for this. responsibility.
2. Users may not use the "i browser" account or the service to perform the following actions:
(1) Submitting or publishing false information, or stealing other people's avatars or materials, impersonating or using the name of others;
(2) Enforce, induce other users to follow, click on the link page or share information;
(3) Fictional facts, concealing the truth to mislead or deceive others;
(4) Using a technical means to establish a false account in batches;
(5) Engage in any illegal or criminal activities using the “i-browser” account or the service;
(6) Produce or publish methods or tools related to the above acts, or operate or disseminate such methods or tools, whether or not they are for commercial purposes;
(7) Other acts that violate laws and regulations, infringe the legitimate rights and interests of other users, interfere with the normal operation of the “i-browser” or the express authorization of the service.
3. The user shall be solely responsible for the authenticity, legality, harmlessness, accuracy and validity of the information transmitted by the “i browser” account or the service, and any legal liability related to the information transmitted by the user shall be borne by the user. At your own risk, it has nothing to do with the i browser.
If damage is caused to the i browser or a third party, the user shall compensate according to law.
4. The services provided by the i browser may include advertisements, and the user agrees to display advertisements provided by the i browser and third party suppliers and partners during use. Except as expressly provided by laws and regulations, users shall be responsible for the transactions conducted in accordance with the advertising information.
The browser is not responsible for any loss or damage suffered by the user due to the transaction based on the advertisement information or the content provided by the aforementioned advertiser.

Five, other
1. The i browser solemnly reminds the user to pay attention to the terms of this agreement exempting i browser responsibility and restricting user rights. Please read carefully and consider the risk. Minors should read this agreement accompanied by a legal guardian.
2. The validity, interpretation and settlement of disputes of this Agreement shall apply to the laws of the People's Republic of China. If there is any dispute or dispute between the user and the i-browser, it should first be settled through friendly negotiation. If the negotiation fails, the user agrees to submit the dispute or dispute to the people's court under the jurisdiction of the i-browser.
3. Nothing in this Agreement shall be valid for any reason or for no reason, and the remaining provisions shall remain in force and shall be binding on both parties.

The copyright of this Agreement is owned by the i browser, and i browser reserves all rights to interpret this Agreement.